Maps section completed. (#996)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-qt: ArcGISRuntimeSDKQt_CppSamples/Maps/SetInitialMapLocation/README.md

# Set initial map location

Display a basemap centered at an initial location and scale.

![](screenshot.png)

## Use case

You can set a map's initial location when you want to highlight a particular feature or area to establish the context.

## How to use the sample

When the map loads, note the specific location and scale of the initial map view.

## How it works

> 1. Create a `Map`, specifying a basemap type, latitude and longitude in WGS84, and a level of detail.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Create a `Map`, specifying a basemap type, latitude and longitude in WGS84, and target scale.
```
